c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\IoTapp.dll
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\IoTapp.pdb
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\Bin\Debug\IoTapp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\IoTapp.g.resources
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\IoTapp.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\IoTapp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\IoTapp.dll
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\IoTapp.pdb
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\cesarpc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\ListaBoards.g.cs
C:\Users\CesarPC\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\PanUNO.g.cs
C:\Users\CesarPC\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IoTapp\IoTapp\obj\Debug\PanYun.g.cs
